docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, before:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_exoscale`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-csi-exoscale`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `manifestVersion`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: https://github.com/projectsyn/component-csi-exoscale/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[See `class/defaults.yml`]

The Exoscale CSI driver manifest version to deploy.

== `kustomizeInput`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

Additional input for Kustomize.

== `images`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: https://github.com/projectsyn/component-csi-exoscale/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[See `class/defaults.yml`]

The container images to use for the CSI driver.

== `apiSecret`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
accessKey: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/exoscale/csi_driver/access_key}
secretKey: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/exoscale/csi_driver/secret_key}
----

The Exoscale credentials for the CSI driver.
The CSI driver requires the following Exoscale IAM role.

[source,json]
----
{
  "default-service-strategy": "deny",
  "services": {
    "compute": {
      "type": "rules",
      "rules": [
        {
          "expression": "operation in ['list-zones', 'get-block-storage-volume', 'list-block-storage-volumes', 'create-block-storage-volume', 'delete-block-storage-volume', 'attach-block-storage-volume-to-instance', 'detach-block-storage-volume', 'update-block-storage-volume-labels', 'resize-block-storage-volume', 'get-block-storage-snapshot', 'list-block-storage-snapshots', 'create-block-storage-snapshot', 'delete-block-storage-snapshot']",
          "action": "allow"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
----

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
namespace: example-namespace
----

Commit message:

Make CSI driver daemonset tolerations configurable

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, after:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_exoscale`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `syn-csi-exoscale`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `manifestVersion`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: https://github.com/projectsyn/component-csi-exoscale/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[See `class/defaults.yml`]

The Exoscale CSI driver manifest version to deploy.

== `kustomizeInput`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

Additional input for Kustomize.

== `images`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: https://github.com/projectsyn/component-csi-exoscale/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[See `class/defaults.yml`]

The container images to use for the CSI driver.

== `apiSecret`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
accessKey: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/exoscale/csi_driver/access_key}
secretKey: ?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/exoscale/csi_driver/secret_key}
----

The Exoscale credentials for the CSI driver.
The CSI driver requires the following Exoscale IAM role.

[source,json]
----
{
  "default-service-strategy": "deny",
  "services": {
    "compute": {
      "type": "rules",
      "rules": [
        {
          "expression": "operation in ['list-zones', 'get-block-storage-volume', 'list-block-storage-volumes', 'create-block-storage-volume', 'delete-block-storage-volume', 'attach-block-storage-volume-to-instance', 'detach-block-storage-volume', 'update-block-storage-volume-labels', 'resize-block-storage-volume', 'get-block-storage-snapshot', 'list-block-storage-snapshots', 'create-block-storage-snapshot', 'delete-block-storage-snapshot']",
          "action": "allow"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
----

== `driverTolerations`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default:: `[]`

Tolerations to configure for the CSI driver daemonset.
The component will use the contents of this parameter as `spec.template.spec.tolerations` of the CSI driver daemonset.
The component doesn't validate the contents of this parameter.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
namespace: example-namespace
----
